[Pleasant music]
♪ The rest is sky I
feel love is in the air ♪
♪ it is ♪
♪ You get me as you have a tender heart ♪
[Pleasant music]
♪ You get me each night ♪
[Foot steps]
[Pleasant music]
[Traffic sounds]
You ran again?
-It's raining though.
-Yes.
How much will God test you?
Do you know what it means?
Good times lie ahead.
This is your zodiac year!
Heard today's your last day.
Don't work too hard.
Just keep your life balanced.
-So long.
-Bye.
-Take care.
-You too.
MIN from SUNG's Gym won today.
He's got a strong punch.
Yes. he proved himself.
It seems there's no rival
for him here in Korea.
I wonder whom he will fight next.
I'm on time. ain't I?
Sweet jelly and two tangerines for you.
This is for me!
And your favorite rolls.
I even brought Soju that I made myself.
I can see you're really impressed.
Who are you?
Who are you? Where's grandpa?
He quit today.
Then why did you take all this?
You gave them to me.
I used to watch TV shows
with him over snacks.
Is he sick?
Heard he's moving to another city.
I see.
Sorry to disturb.
[Raindrops]
Hey...stay for a program.
It's pouring.
-That color. grey!
-This is the one!
Don't wear it.
I've told you so many times I hate grey.
Do you get it?
You know why?
This colour creates jinx.
Do you know what I want?
Do you?
Wear colourful clothes.
Do you get it?
Promise that you will
wear colourful clothes?
You will not wear grey colour.
Say that you promise.
Promise me.
Good.
[Pleasant music]
Thank you for letting me watch the drama!
Well. eat them they are very tasty.
Do they look bad?
And you see that pot of jasmine?
Remember to water that once a week!
It's very important.
[Foot steps]
How can I help you?
Hello?
Telephone number for SUNG's Gym.
[Gasps]
[Dramatic music]
See you tonight.
Yes. you can come here.
No. you'll get all the services.
There can be extra
charges for the visit. sir.
I've been waiting for hours!
You only talk about extra charges?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
There must've been mistakes.
Will put you to speed service.
How about 5PM today?
You'd better be right this time!
I made tons of calls for this!
I apologize once again.
You--
-Hello. sir.
-Did you listen how he yelled?
I'm not her mother.
You work at a royalty company.
Be nicer to the customer.
Must be tired working night shift.
I can sleep in. It's better.
You know you're the candidate
...for employee of the month?
Yes. sir.
Keep your arms down.
Keep your guard up
even when you kick!
Keep punching your
opponent when you go back!
Too many things to correct.
I can be better than you!
Boss! Look who's here.
I'm here to apologize. Boss.
Please forgive me. boss.
Take this drink and smile. will ya?
You are a big man
so get over with the past!
Forget the past?
I even couldn't feed
my own sons properly...
...as I gave everything to him!
Damn cheater!
It's just his kids didn't like eating.
Attention! Look who's here.
JANG Chul-min.
National champion in '99.
He swept all game.
All won by KOs with a few punches.
He anhiliated his opponents.
And I got beat up by him at the final.
It's been a while.
Right. I forgot that.
But Chul-min. remember.
He's not the same guy who you blew away.
He's the best mixed martial arts player.
He'll make it to UFC soon.
I saw you on TV. You were good.
What? Only Good?
How about sparring
for old time's sake?
Stop it.
You're professional player now.
He can't even stand for 1st round.
Give him a break.
-So long.
-Bye.
Wind a bandage first.
Just one round.
I'm sorry. sir.
Who let in this fool in?
Get him out!
Sorry. sir.
[Foot steps]
Do you mind opening the window?
Sorry. I'm sensitive to smell.
[Opens window]
Did you work out at the gym?
What kind of clothing have you worn?
Plain T-shirt.
Not you. I mean her from TV.
Skirt.
And the shoes?
Yes. I have worn.
Of course. yes.
I mean what kind of shoes she wears.
Woman's shoes.
Without heel?
And hair?
Short and curly hair.
Earrings?
Yes. yes.
Why speak too much over the program?
'Cause I cannot see it!
What kind of earrings?
Similar to yours.
Really?
You mean it?
[Chuckles]
[Water tricles]
Hey.
Your lunch box.
How was it?
It was very good!
I put some peaches.
Did you wash them?
Yes.
Did you touch them a lot?
Pardon?
You need to eat peach
right after washing carefully.
They get bruises and
less sweet with touching.
Thank you for the peaches!
By the way...
You don't know my name.
My name is Jung-hwa
Nice to meet you.
You need to hold hands
when someone greets you.
Wow. it's so hard!
What do you do?
Thank you for drama.
[Foot steps]
Family of frogs get
together on a dark night.
They sing all night long.
No one can listen to them.
They don't care even
nobody's listening.
[Water trickling]
[Screams]
[Pleasant music]
[Foot steps]
You got the new shoes?
I can smell the new scent.
It's been a few days.
Drama shall start soon.
I'll be back.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Don't go! Please wait!
I don't feel good.
-Why are you going?
-Don't go!
I'm here for you.
Pardon?
Teo says he's leaving.
Is he crying now?
Yes.
He doesn't have to
go if it hurts him so bad.
We can hear your hearts.
Can feel better as we can't see.
Is he handsome?
Of course. he is an actor.
I meant you.
Don't bluff as I can't see.
People say... I look manly.
Means you are not cute.
[Horn blaring]
Don't touch anything!
Are you okay?
Oh my! All the bottles are shattered!
What shall I do?
I'll pay for them.
Sorry.
Why are you out at
night when you can't see?
I'm so sorry.
I'm in trouble.
Would you please watch
the parking lot for me?
I need to take her to the hospital.
No problem. Go now. Take care.
You didn't tell me your name?
Marcelino.
What?
JANG Marcelino.
You are a foreigner?
No. I'm Korean.
But you're Jang Marcelino?
Yes.
Jang Marcelino?
Correct.
Wait. Let's take a break.
Can I carry you?
You'll regret it.
I'm fine. On my back.
Don't complain later.
Don't kidnap me.
[Pleasant music]
Hey! We're at a diversion.
Beauty shop at the right.
Oh! Then...
Go straight after the right.
I warned you.
[Gasps]
[Pleasant music]
Are you okay?
I'm fine. Totally.
Then why am I coming down?
And you see a kid at the corner?
Better watch out!
[Gasps]
-[Agonising sigh]
-[Chuckles]
What are you doing?
Let's go! Let's go!
I'll give you a shot!
Mister. run!
[Gasps]
[Foot steps]
We're here.
You get exhausted early.
But a man should be strong.
There were too many
stairs. I'm out of breathe.
Can I ask one more favor
if you have some time?
-You must have time. no?
-Huh?
Let me catch my breath.
[Water trickling]
Something's stuck in there?
It looks like panties.
Squirrels on it?
-Squirrels on it.
-Give it to me.
It was a gift.
I've been looking all
over. Now I found it.
-Can I have a towel. please?
-Here you are.
What kind of music do you like?
The music radio plays.
It's a reward for
carrying me all the way.
Go with your friend.
Tickets for the concert.
No thanks.
I don't know music.
Don't have anyone to go with.
Pity you don't have friends at all.
Want me to go with you?
[Pleasant music]
[Foot steps]
How do you like your hair done?
How about digital perm
which is hip in Paris
in which the hair is curled.
I know it will look great on you.
You sure?
Of course!
How about hair from that TV drama--
How dare you!
So out of fashion!
That is from some other time!
It won't work!
Then whatever you say.
You have a date. right?
No.
If you don't want to talk...
Let's go for the digital perm.
Should I go for the pink lipstick?
Let's go with it.
No. 3. No. 4...
I hope you didn't wait long.
Flower's in bloom in my heart.
You're the flower.
Petals are leading me...
...into your arms...
It's you who I've been waiting for.
You don't know
how lonely I've been..
What does female vocalist look like?
She is a woman with big eyes
and long hair.
The concert really hit the spot!
It's been so long since
I went to the concert.
Did you get your hair done?
You don't like it?
I like it.
Aren't you hungry?
There's one place I really want to go.
I've been there often
with the one I loved.
Nice.
You know Le Penseur?
A sculpture by Rodin?
He has really short toenails.
I know this as I studied
sculpture at school.
But I can't remember
things I saw everyday.
Like flowers at our garden.
where my beauty spot is.
...and face of my dad.
The one I loved is my dad.
I should've watched him carefully.
If I remember them. I can still see them.
I know you work at parking lot.
And during daytime?
I deliver water.
What did you do when you were young?
You lived restless
life doing bad things?
Why do you want to know all of this?
I can take it as you ignored me just now.
Why can't you be honest to me?
You know how I feel now?
I don't know and don't care.
But I surely know what
you ate in the morning.
Yes. I show the people
what I eat everyday.
Excuse me.
[Sighs]
Sorry you had a hard day because of me.
Sorry for bothering you.
Good bye.
I'm...
now thirty.
I was a boxer.
And when I was young...
I was really a bad boy. Really.
But now I want to be good.
That's who I am.
I couldn't tell you early
because I feel ashamed.
Not because...I ignored you.
Okay. good night.
[Door closes]
Okay thank you so much sir.
Have a good day and thank you for calling.
Yes?
Jung-hwa. come to my cabin.
Sit down.
A present for you.
Why. sir?
Why didn't you tell me
your birthday was last week?
You really don't have to but thank you.
No need to thank you.
Let's have dinner next week.
Need to get back to work.
[Foot steps]
[Pleasant music]
[Car engine sounds]
I hate this awkward mood.
Hey Chul-min!
Come back to gym.
Boss and I need you.
Let's start all over again.
I'm sorry.
I'll ask one question.
Where have you been all these years?
I don't know much
as I didn't learn much.
But I know damn well
your fist is really powerful.
Boxing is out of fashion now.
People don't watch it.
Asian champ earns only 3K a year.
Let's do mixed martial arts.
It's a shame that you
don't use that powerful fist!
If you got nothing to say. I'm leaving.
Boss.
I was...
in prison for many years.
What?
For 4 years and 3 months.
[Sombre music]
After I quit boxing...
I beat up the people
to collect their debts.
This was my work.
[Gasps]
[Foot steps]
I sent my kids to
orphanage a long time back.
My wife ran away.
Your parents must've sung a
lullaby to you while you slept.
But I can't do that...
This is all I've got!
Keep this too!
Nobody sang a... damn lullaby to me.
I'm an orphan too!
[Door knocks]
Hey. open the door!
-Who the hell?
-[Door knocks]
Brother Marcelino?
Why are you so sad?
You you look much nicer when you smile.
You see?
You have to keep that smile.
Can't we change our
christian surname. Sister?
Why so?
Sounds like an actor!
JANG Marcelino!
I like your surname.
We've made such
gifts after giving orders.
Give it to your girlfriend.
Who is it?
So you're living here?
Sir you?
Why did you lie?
You don't have any plan after work.
Let's have tea together.
[Sighs]
Sorry there's no hot tea.
I can't use the stove.
Sorry I couldn't think that.
Aren't you scared to live alone?
Was it during the college?
That accident?
I'm so sorry.
Sure boys went crazy for you.
Sir please leave now.
Does your wife know what you're doing?
You didn't even open the present.
Do you know. I got divorced recently
for beating up my wife.
I knew it.
It really looks good on you!
You don't know how pretty you are.
Damn!
God damn it.
I'm not here for one time sex.
I can buy much prettier girls for that.
You need to know how I feel about you.
Don't you understand.
[Low pitched buzz]
Want me to rape you?
That's what you want?
Please stop! Please let me go!
Stop right now!
[Gasps]
[Sobbing]
Please stop.
Well... I work with Jung-hwa.
I'm here to just to have tea.
Please let him go!
[Quivers]
Let him go!
Look me in the eyes.
I'll kill you if I see you again closeby.
[Quivers]
Jung-hwa.
Are you okay?
Why did you do that?
Do you know what will happen?
He will fire me from the job.
Do you still want that job?
You should go to the police and complain.
Because I need to survive!
I have to live.
I'll take care of you. I will.
You'll get the new job for me?
Or you'll come to
rescue whenever it happens?
What do you think you are?
I'll stay with you foreever.
You're making me more helpless.
Right?
Please leave now.
[Sombre music]
[Door chimes]
When did you come?
A while ago.
I quit.
I feel so cramped inside.
Will you take me out this weekend?
You're not answering?
You said you will take care of me.
Then you can do that at least. Right?
Yes...
I will.
Take this.
What is it?
He'll keep you company.
He will be the eye dog when he grows up.
Is he a Golden Retriever?
Yes.
Hey wow!
What shall we call him?
How about Easy?
Easy?
To live in easy.
Then he's Jang Easy?
Nice to meet you. Easy!
[Pleasant music]
I grew up in the
orphanage across this river.
We swam and did fishing here.
Now orphanage is flooded.
The only place I remember is under water.
Listen. get two pebbles for me.
[Pleasant music]
This pebble feels exactly like you.
I'll carry it always thinking about you.
And one stone with you thinking about me.
Your hands are so warm.
[Pleasant music]
There must be a reason to come back now.
He wants to earn the money.
What's wrong with that?
[Chuckles]
Let's make it to UFC!
America!
[Up beat music]
[Gasps]
[Opens door]
[Up beat music]
Want to read it. Easy?
[Screaming]
Come in harder.
Practice!
1.2.3.4. 1.2.3.
1.2.3.
[Pleasant music]
[Sawing sounds]
Table on your right.
You even rounded the corners?
Moved furnitures a bit.
Door mat is gone. too.
There's a bed.
I got the new window
to let the sun rays in.
Why?
I want to see you.
[Pleasant music]
This way I can feel and see you.
Are you looking in my eyes?
Yes.
You're lying.
[Pleasant music]
[Pleasant music continues]
-Yes!
-Very good!
Defeat him!
That's great! This is going to be fun!
-Good job!
-Yay!
Great going!
Look at the trickery!
We'll see during the fights.
Come get me!
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Hey!
What is this!
[Pleasant music]
Very good!
[Gasps]
[Pleasant music]
I'm not a good dancer.
I know.
[Dramatic music]
[Screaming]
[Pleasant music]
[Chuckles]
I used to like the rains.
But now I hate it.
Why?
No reason.
Turn around.
Why?
Just turn around!
What are you trying now?
After pressing the muscle
near backbone with a thumb...
[Yells]
Does it hurt?
No. It feels very good.
What does this mean?
The line on notebook?
You want to learn this language?
Just curious.
It's a line from 'Romeo & Juliet.'
When she talks to me with her eyes.
I will answer her eyes.
Why learn massage?
Well...You never know.
Maybe I learned it for you.
Be sure not to get hurt.
I sense your face gets swollen often.
Don't worry about it.
Do you want to open your workshop?
You can make plates and vases...
I'll do the delivery!
Now tell me is the idea good.
[Pleasant music]
Let go with armlock. trust yourself!
Go for it.
You can do it.
Very good! Yeah!
I have placed a bet on you.
Move forward.
Forward.
Very good!
-Hit him!
-What is he doing?
Finish him in one punch.
What the hell!
Break! Break!
[Cheering]
-Very good!
-Great!
-You accomplished it.
-That was great!
-You did good!
-You were so good!
-Make way.
Thank you. sir.
You were so good!
They added $100 more to original $300.
Also we got some tips!
Hey. are you still okay!
Come to the official league and fight me.
Ours will be a great
fight. What do you think?
Long time no see?
I'm not your bro. Don't take my name.
We don't share the blood.
You could've come out
with me leaving thay gym.
Get lost!
Let's go.
See you soon in the ring.
That son of a dog left
us for the big money.
He couldn't pay his rent.
Now he's driving expensive cars.
Bro. please cut here.
The swelling will ease up.
She'll kill me.
But I'm happy that you're happy.
Let this smile always stay on your face.
Here it goes.
Will you be able to?
Come on. it's not the first time.
Just easy.
You've hurt people so
you deserve to be hurt.
Don't worry! Everything will be okay!
Yes. blood is coming.
But you just can't
stop smiling. can you?
Very good!
[Door closes]
I'm home.
How was the fight? Let me see.
You aren't hurt a lot.
Going somewhere?
Tomorrow's holiday.
So was wondering if we could go out.
I wanted you to meet my mom and dad.
Hello. sir. Nice to meet you.
Hi Dad. You like him?
You told me to bring
my boyfriend if I get one.
Mom. what?
He's tall but not good looking?
[Chuckles]
I knew he's a good guy
when I first met him...
as he is a nice person.
It was during Children's Day.
We went for a family trip together.
It was raining but I insisted...
I wanted to do something
before my graduation.
[Dramatic music]
I'm an orphan!
Hey. Open the door!
Who the hell?
[Knocks on door]
What is it?
Police. Someone reported violence.
Open the door! Quick!
Open up!
What the hell are you doing?
Better to die than live like this.
[Sombre music]
[Screams]
[Dramatic music]
I wish they weren't hurt alot...
They would be with me.
They must be watching us together.
I believe they sent you to me.
[Sobbing]
Jung-hwa?
[Gasps]
Is it you?
Sit down. please.
The situatuion of her eyes is critical.
If you leave her like this she'll
lose eyesight forever within a month.
Is there any other way
than waiting for a donor?
Actually. there is...
[Club music]
Here!
[Incoherent chatter]
What brought you here?
I need some money.
How much?
$30.000
By when?
As soon as possible.
Life is full of surprises.
I used to ask you for money.
[Incoherent chatter]
There is one chance.
Do you really need the money?
Wait!
Yes.
Hold on tight.
[Chuckles]
Are you okay?
Why was that?
What took you so long to
take me have this much fun?
Let's get the operation.
What?
Doctor said we can get the cornea.
You knew this. right?
Why didn't you tell me?
The operation is expensive.
Don't worry.
I have some savings.
I like the way we are now.
Having you beside me...
...makes me happier than ever.
It's now or never.
Whenever I think of that day.
and what happened to mom and dad.
I feel guilty and it hurts so bad.
I feel I don't deserve to survive.
I feel better being blind.
Don't want to see me?
How about the babies we'll have?
Don't want to see them?
Married?
No. sir.
Girlfriend?
Yes.
This fight can be really dangerous...
Are you okay with that?
I won't fail.
$30.000 for advance.
Rest after the work is done.
A duplicate phone for you.
This money is nothing
but for an ordinary fight.
But when Thai police finds out.
it gets complicated.
Nobody can help you if
you get caught. understand?
Say. yes.
You're not answering?
I get it.
[Dramatic music]
-Take good care of her.
-[Dog barks]
Practice vigilance.
Your family can get hurt.
So be sure that nobody can track you.
That can increase trouble.
Are you crazy?
Told you not to deal with Tae-sik.
Don't know what you're doing.
It's only one fight.
We finally got into the official
league after all these sufferings!
Is this for her eyes?
If something happens.
...balance will be wired.
Please give it to her. okay?
What if you become crippled?
You've got only one life to live!
I won't regret it.
You're absolutely right.
About what?
I want to see the sunset
with you. also lovely Easy.
...our house you fixed.
river we went together.
And...
And?
I'll lie on my bed and
see your face only.
I'll work for 23 hours but one
hour is reserved only for your face.
What if you look a
lot uglier than I think?
What will I do then?
[Chuckles]
You'd better get prepared
for looking at me closely.
I look really bad.
You might not recognize me.
This will never be.
I'm so nervous.
[Pleasant music]
I'll see you soon!
I want that too.
[Pleasant music]
Wait for me here.
Don't go anywhere.
I've got no place to go but you.
See you soon.
[Pleasant music]
[Dramatic music]
Memorize your name and address.
From now on. you are Kim Hak-sun.
We won't all have your number.
No relative. no conviction.
the police is not chasing you.
[Dramatic music]
[Incoherent chatter]
[Opens door]
[Closes door]
Never saw you get nervous like this.
This man has already put many into death.
Don't even try to win.
Try to survive.
There's no rule.
Game ends only when
one dies or passes out.
Want to know whom I bet on?
Sweat it out. Doggy.
[Dramatic music]
[Locking door]
[Incoherent chatter]
He won't last.
Let's go.
[Incoherent cheering]
Very good!
Very good! Come on! Come on!
Finish this match quickly!
Very good! Let's go!
[Dramatic music]
You knew he's this strong?
Bring my money back
if you don't want to die.
[Pleasant music]
If you win. they'll give you another bet.
a diamond of 10 carats
instead of millions of dollors.
When you can bring it safe.
I will give you more $20.000.
Doctor what's the result of the operation?
Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Hello.
I arrived safe.
Got that thing with you?
Yes.
Someone might tag along.
so call once you get Incheon St.
I see.
[Queasy whimper]
[Car engine sounds]
That's it.
No call from him yet?
[DISAPPEARNCE REPORT]
Your releation to him? A wife?
No.
Sister?
I'll accept this for now but you
don't know anything about his family.
If you are a girlfriend.
just wait at home.
People report disppearance
to track the debtors.
You're so stubborn.
We need to tear this building down...
You are the last one.
You have one week left!
We won't come again.
Can you hear or not?
[Foot steps]
Okay!
You're moving!
Good. I found you here.
Package for Mr. JANG.
She is Jang Marcelino's girlfriend.
Nice to meet you. I'm Jung-hwa.
Please sit there.
I am happy to see you know.
Chul-min told me about you.
He said you're very beautiful.
May 5th. the day I got in an accident...
...is the day you lost your eyesight.
It was a bad day.
I remember it was raining.
[Sombre music]
[Sobbing]
[Chuckles]
Your design is great and also the texture
and the color is vibrant.
The order details are all in here.
Please check yourself.
Can we get 52 pieces within this month?
Sure! Thank you very much.
I'll make them nice.
Are you single?
I am married.
Well. the beautiful and
talented are always taken.
Happy to work with you.
Me. too.
[Phone chimes]
Hello. yes tell me .
Of course. I will.
See you on weekend.
-Hi!
-Hello. director.
You're amazing to come regularly.
Thank you.
All of these patients
wait for your massage.
Hello.
-Hello!
Hello Grandpa. How have you been?
Bad. My neck and back
joints are stiff and sore.
I'll leave this pot here.
I made it myself.
You are good at so many things!
You must keep exercising.
You'll get better soon.
Hello. I guess you are new here.
He's transferred from Incheon.
Can't you speak?
I don't remember if he has
spoken anything after coming here.
Let me give you massage.
You lost lots of muscle.
You should pay attention on eating.
[Sombre music]
I'll turn you around.
[Sombre music continues]
[NAME: KIM HAK-SUN]
You'll get well soon.
I'm pretty sure.
[Sombre music continues]
[Door closes]
Come.
I'll leave it here for now.
Has something happened to him?
It seems sick.
I'll take them to the vet.
Will go get some colors.
Okay.
Let's go.
It's evening primrose.
We call it night jasmine too.
Only blooms at night.
Do you want this?
[Gasps]
[Dog barks]
Easy! Easy!
Are you okay?
Come here. Easy!
[Dog barks]
Can you stand up?
I'm sorry.
He's usually calm.
Are you okay?
I think....
we met at hospital?
Where are you going?
Let me take you.
[Dog barks]
Easy.
What is wrong with you. Easy?
Stay calm!
[Sombre music]
-I left my wallet.
-I see.
Where is the turtle?
You left it there.
[Dog barks]
Hey! Take it easy!
Take it easy!
[Dog barks]
What is it. Jung-hwa?
Did a guy on crutch...
come here just now?
Yes.
He bought night jasmine.
[Foot steps]
[Incoherent chatter]
[Sombre music]
[Sobbing]
Yes. the one with the scar
in the last room on 2nd floor.
His name is different....
He left a few weeks ago.
[Car engine sounds]
[Gasps]
Mister!
I told you...
I only want to see you.
Why did you take that away from me?
[Sombre music]
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes!
[Pleasant music]
I missed you so much.
Jung-Hwa. I love you.
[Pleasant music]
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ I've been waiting ♪
♪ For love like this ♪
♪ That makes me surrender ♪
♪ I'll hold you tight ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ I'll take care of you ♪
♪ I'll always true ♪
♪ Just look into my eyes ♪
♪ I've hold you tight ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ There's not much I can give you ♪
♪ There is nothing I
want to in fact bring down ♪
♪ Smile on your face ♪
♪ I won't ever break your heart ♪
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ I've been waiting for a love like this ♪
♪ That makes me surrender ♪
♪ I'll hold you tight to stay with me ♪
[Pleasant music]